Hey, here's Destin. Welcome to Smarter every day.
A dragon burst in my eye. It's pretty good.
It's called subconjunctival bleeding. I think that's pretty good.
Anyway, today I will show you
my little experiment before we go to the hospital and we'll have a baby.
I'm uploading a high-speed digital SLR video (DSLR).
DSLR stands for Digital Single Lens Reflex (= Digital Single Reflector)
and this is Phantom's high-speed camera,
which heads directly into the mirror. Here I take off the cap
and you can see inside the mirror that will pop back when you press the shutter button
and reveals the shutter which then reveals the sensor.
In modern SLRs there are two types of sensors. One is the CCD (Charge Coupled Device)
and the other is a CMOS sensor (Complementary Metal Oxide Semiconductor).
What I'm going to explain in another video, but enjoy yourself now
damn great high-speed shots
and excuse my eye. It happens. Anyway, keep up.
We're going for a baby. Hey.
[music]
[English subtitles: Martin Klapetek] martin.klapetek@gmail.com
Captioning in different languages. Please contact Destin if you can help.